This code os based on default Geant4's OpNovice example

Here is anything you need to know about project's functionality, 
that differs from the original OpNovice project (it was based on it. Original README part is below).

The detector is a GAGG scintillator with size of 14 x 14 x 7 mm. It is striked with a gamma particle.
It's velocity is perpendicular to the "front surface" of scintillator - 14 x 14 mm closest surface.
We call "bottom" a surface, opposing the front, and 'sides' - other four sufraces.

It has four 'photomultipliers' - 
four smaller volumes (approximately 6x6 mm) attached to the bottom side.
 You can see them in visualisation.
Photomultipliers are fillet with air, there is no reflection on their surface, only absorbtion.
Absorbtion is 70% (to simulate typical efficiency). Every photon, that was not absorbed 
at the surface of detector, is added to output binary file. Yoy can learn it's structure
from any python script, reading the data.

Also, you can see five big volumes, attached to the front and side surfaces.
It was made for getting access to these surfaces in GEANT4. These five
volumes are filled with air and they are not a part of detector, they are just
a way to control reflection value of each surface differently. 

There are also thin gaps on the bottom, that are not covered with photomultipliers,
because bottom is 14 x 14 mm , and photomultipliers are ~6x6 mm, so they do not
cover the bottom entirely. I call these gaps 'lines', and make this surface almost
black, means small reflection value.

The main script in energy_hist.py
It takes PATH to the data, produced by GEANT4 simulation and produces diffetent
pictures: energy histogram for photons, collected in photomultipliers, coordinate
reconstruction, etc.

You can run the project with a few custom arguements:

./OpNovice -x *integer from -7 to 7* -y *integer from -7 to 7* 
Sets up the coordinate of scintillator, which will be striked by the gamma particle.
Both are zeros by default.

./OpNovice -side *integer from 0 to 100* -roof *integer from 0 to 100*
Sets up frontal (the closest to the gamma particle) surface reflection value in %
and side surfaces (parallel to the gamma velocity direction) reflection value in %
So "-side 95" means 5% absorbtion and 95% reflection from side surfaces.

./OpNovice -m optPhoton.mac 
Sets up the number of simulation runs you need, turns off the visualisation.
